# Meeting Minutes

This repository stores meeting minutes for the SPDX project.

## Meeting Schedule

The SPDX Project has several Teams and topical groups that meet at regular intervals. Meeting are open to anyone and it is recommended to also join the related mailing list (as applicable), see [SPDX Participate](https://spdx.dev/participate/) for more information. All attendees will be expected to identify themselves by name on all meetings.

Meetings schedules for the SPDX Project are listed below.
All times are listed in [**US Eastern Time Zone**](https://www.time.gov/),
UTC−05:00 standard and UTC−04:00 daylight, using a 24-hour clock format.

### Team Meetings

<!-- The <a name=""></a> in the last column is to keep the previously available HTML anchors to point directly to sections of the schedule. -->
| Meeting | Time & Cadence | Where | Description | Agendas & Minutes |
|---------------|------------------|-------|------------|---------------------|
| **General** | Monthly. 1st Thursday 11:00 | [Meeting](https://meet.jit.si/SPDXGeneralMeeting) | General call with general updates, updates from each Team, and sometimes guest speakers (e.g., talks on how people are using SPDX, GSoC student presentations, etc.) | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-general-minutes) / [Minutes](./general/) <a name="general-meeting"></a> |
| **Tech Team** | Weekly. Tuesdays 12:00 | [Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/663426859) | Regular meeting to work on drafting new versions of the SPDX specification and to discuss technical documentation and official SPDX libraries. | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-tech-minutes) / [Minutes](./tech/) <a name="tech-team-meetings"></a> |
| **Legal Team** | Twice per month. 2nd & 4th Thursday 12:00 | [Meeting](https://meet.jit.si/SPDXLegalMeeting) | Regular meeting to discuss submissions to SPDX License List, other license list related work, license-related aspects of the SPDX specification, and other related projects. | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-legal-minutes) / [Minutes](./legal/) <a name="legal-team-meetings"></a> |
| **Outreach Team** | Weekly. Mondays 10:00 | [Meeting](https://meet.jit.si/SPDXOutreachMeeting) | Regular meeting to coordinate public relations efforts and discuss current projects. | [Agenda](https://hackmd.io/@spdx/outreach-team/edit) / [Minutes](./outreach/) <a name="outreach-team-meetings"></a> |

### Profile Meetings

<a name="sub-groups-for-specific-topics"></a>

| Meeting | Time & Cadence | Where | Description | Agendas & Minutes |
|---------------|------------------|-------|------------|---------------------|
| **AI and Dataset** | Weekly. Wednesdays 15:00 | [Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/92452702075) | Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can better support and track artificial intelligence and machine learning use-cases. | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-ai-minutes) / [Minutes](./ai/) <a name="ai-and-dataset-profiles-group-meetings"></a> |
| **Build** | Paused <!-- Weekly. Mondays 14:00 --> | N/A <!-- [Meeting](https://meet.jit.si/SPDXBuildProfile) -->  | Regular meeting to discuss and propose the SPDX build profile and other adjacent elements. | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-build-minutes) / [Minutes](./build/) <a name="build-profile-group-meetings"></a> |
| **Functional Safety** | Weekly. Fridays 12:00 | [Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/94445183726) | Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can better support and track functional safety plans. | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-fusa-minutes) / [Minutes](./safety/) <a name="functional-safety-profile-group-meetings"></a> |
| **Hardware** | Biweekly. Fridays 9:00 | [Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/99157617857) | Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can extend to support firmware, FPGAs, Open Hardware Boards, SOCs, IP blocks, Cores in physical and virtual environments. | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-hardware-minutes) / [Minutes](./hardware/) <a name="hardware-profile-group-meetings"></a> |
| **Operations** | Weekly. Fridays 09:30 | [Meeting](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94606881295?password=3522f337-3890-4940-9d74-9aee22864967) | Regular meeting focused on the additional information that an organization may wish to associate with a package, for effective management of these artifacts within business operations. | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-operations-minutes) / [Minutes](./operations/) <a name="operations-group-meetings"></a> |
| **Security** | Weekly. Wednesdays 14:00 | [Meeting](https://meet.jit.si/SPDXDefectsMeeting) | Regular meeting to discuss representation of software vulnerability metadata in the SPDX specification including vulnerability identifiers, status, mitigations and remediation. | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-defects-minutes) / [Minutes](./security/) <a name="security-profile-group-meetings"></a> |
| **Software as a Service** | Asynchronous | [Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/87627432628) | Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can better support and track SAAS use cases. | [Minutes](./service/) <a name="software-as-a-service-profile-group-meetings"></a> |

### Focus Group Meetings

| Meeting | Time & Cadence | Where | Description | Agendas & Minutes |
|---------------|------------------|-------|------------|---------------------|
| **Asia** | | | Coordination with participations from Asia timezones | [Minutes](./asia/) <a name="asia"></a> |
| **Canonicalisation** | Paused <!-- Weekly. Fridays 09:00 --> | N/A <!-- [Meeting](https://meet.jit.si/SPDXCanonicalMeeting) --> | Regular meeting to develop the Canonical Serialisation for SPDX 3.0 and agree on recommendations to make to the Tech Team where appropriate. | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-canonicalisation-minutes) / [Minutes](./canonical/) <a name="canonicalisation-group-meetings"></a> |
| **Implementers** | Weekly. Wednesdays 11:00 | [Meeting](https://meet.jit.si/SPDXImplementersMeeting) | Regular meeting for tool creators implementing the SPDX specification to meet and compare notes. | [Agenda](https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-implementers-minutes) / [Minutes](./implementers/) <a name="implementers-group-meetings"></a> |
| **Serialisation** | Paused | N/A <!-- [Meeting](https://meet.jit.si/SPDXSerialisationMeeting) --> | Regular meeting to discuss the serialisation formats for SPDX, enumerating the use cases for serialisation and determining stakeholder preferences. | [Minutes](./serialisation/) <a name="serialisation-focus-group-meetings"></a> |
