README.md, before:

# Meeting Minutes
This repository stores meeting minutes for the SPDX project.

# Meeting Schedule

The SPDX Project has several Teams and topical groups that meet at regular intervals. Meeting are open to anyone and it is recommended to also join the related mailing list (as applicable), see [SPDX Participate](https://spdx.dev/participate/) for more information. All attendees will be expected to identify themselves by name on all meetings.

Meetings schedules for the SPDX Project are listed below. All times are listed for **US Eastern time zone**, 24-hour.

## General meeting
* Time and cadence: once per month on the first Thursday of the month at 11:00
* Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXGeneralMeeting>
* Description: General call with general updates, updates from each Team, and sometimes guest speakers (e.g., talks on how people are using SPDX, GSoC student presentations, etc.)
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-general-minutes

## Tech Team meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Tuesdays at 12:00
* Where: <https://zoom.us/j/663426859>
* Descriptions: Regular meeting to work on drafting new versions of the SPDX specification and to discuss technical documentation and official SPDX libraries.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-tech-minutes

## Legal Team meetings
* Time and cadence: twice per month on the second and fourth Thursday of the month at 12:00
* Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXLegalMeeting>
* .ics files for invites: [second Thursdays](./invites/spdx-legal-2024-second-thursdays.ics), [fourth Thursdays](./invites/spdx-legal-2024-fourth-thursdays.ics)
* Descriptions: Regular meeting to discuss submissions to SPDX License List, other license list related work, license-related aspects of the SPDX specification, and other related projects.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-legal-minutes

## Outreach Team meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Mondays at 10:00
* Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXOutreachMeeting>
* Descriptions: Regular meeting to coordinate public relations efforts and discuss current projects.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://hackmd.io/@spdx/outreach-team/edit 

## Sub-groups for specific topics
### Build Profile group meetings
<!-- * Time and cadence: weekly on Mondays at 14:00
* Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXBuildProfile> -->
* Descriptions: Regular meeting to discuss and propose the SPDX build profile and other adjacent elements.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-build-minutes
*  *Note*: The group has paused regular meetings until further notice.

### Canonicalisation group meetings
<!-- * Time and cadence: weekly on Fridays at 09:00 -->
<!-- * Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXCanonicalMeeting> -->
* Descriptions: Regular meeting to develop the Canonical Serialisation for SPDX 3.0 and agree on recommendations to make to the Tech Team where appropriate.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-canonicalisation-minutes
* *Note*: the group has paused their regular meetings, waiting for final serialization(s) outcome.

### Security Profile group meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Wednesdays at 14:00
* Where: https://meet.jit.si/SPDXDefectsMeeting
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss representation of software vulnerability metadata in the SPDX specification including vulnerability identifiers, status, mitigations and remediations.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-defects-minutes

### Implementers group meetings
* Time and cadence: every week on Wednesday at 11:00
* Where: https://meet.jit.si/SPDXImplementersMeeting
* Description: Regular meeting for tool creators implementing the SPDX specification to meet and compare notes
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-implementers-minutes

### AI and Dataset Profiles group meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Wednesdays at 15:00
* Where: https://zoom.us/j/92452702075
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can better support and track artificial intelligence and machine learning use-cases.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-ai-minutes

### Functional Safety Profile group meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Fridays at 12:00
* Where: https://zoom.us/j/94445183726
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can better support and track functional safety plans.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-fusa-minutes

### Serialisation Focus Group meetings
* The serialization team is currently paused - we will anounce specific topic meetings as serialization issues are raised in the Tuesday tech calls
* Previous time and cadence: weekly on Thursdays at 11:00
* Where: https://meet.jit.si/SPDXSerialisationMeeting
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss the serialisation formats for SPDX, enumerating the use cases for serialisation and determining stakeholder preferences.

### Software as a Service Profile group meetings
* Time and cadence: We are currently working asynchronously until we have a pull request ready for review on the final use cases.
* Where: Once we restart the meetings, they will be at https://zoom.us/j/87627432628
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can better support and track SAAS use cases.

### Hardware Profile group meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Fridays at 9:00, every other week
* Where: https://zoom.us/j/99157617857
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can extend to support firmware, FPGAs, Open Hardware Boards, SOCs, IP blocks, Cores in physical and virtual environments.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-hardware-minutes
  
### Operations group meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Fridays at 09:30
* Where: https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94606881295?password=3522f337-3890-4940-9d74-9aee22864967
* Descriptions: Regular meeting focused on the additional information that an organization may wish to associate with a package, for effective management of these artifacts within business operations.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-operations-minutes

Commit message:

Add daylight time information
Signed-off-by: Arthit Suriyawongkul <arthit@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Meeting Minutes
This repository stores meeting minutes for the SPDX project.

# Meeting Schedule

The SPDX project has several teams and topical groups that meet at regular
intervals.

Meeting are open to anyone and it is recommended to also join the related
mailing list (as applicable),
see [SPDX Participate](https://spdx.dev/participate/) for more information.

All attendees will be expected to identify themselves by name on all meetings.

Meetings schedules for the SPDX Project are listed below.
All times are listed in [**US Eastern Time Zone**](https://www.time.gov/),
UTC−05:00 standard and UTC−04:00 daylight, using a 24-hour clock format.

## General meeting
* Time and cadence: once per month on the first Thursday of the month at 11:00
* Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXGeneralMeeting>
* Description: General call with general updates, updates from each Team, and sometimes guest speakers (e.g., talks on how people are using SPDX, GSoC student presentations, etc.)
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-general-minutes

## Tech Team meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Tuesdays at 12:00
* Where: <https://zoom.us/j/663426859>
* Descriptions: Regular meeting to work on drafting new versions of the SPDX specification and to discuss technical documentation and official SPDX libraries.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-tech-minutes

## Legal Team meetings
* Time and cadence: twice per month on the second and fourth Thursday of the month at 12:00
* Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXLegalMeeting>
* .ics files for invites: [second Thursdays](./invites/spdx-legal-2024-second-thursdays.ics), [fourth Thursdays](./invites/spdx-legal-2024-fourth-thursdays.ics)
* Descriptions: Regular meeting to discuss submissions to SPDX License List, other license list related work, license-related aspects of the SPDX specification, and other related projects.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-legal-minutes

## Outreach Team meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Mondays at 10:00
* Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXOutreachMeeting>
* Descriptions: Regular meeting to coordinate public relations efforts and discuss current projects.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://hackmd.io/@spdx/outreach-team/edit 

## Sub-groups for specific topics
### Build Profile group meetings
<!-- * Time and cadence: weekly on Mondays at 14:00
* Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXBuildProfile> -->
* Descriptions: Regular meeting to discuss and propose the SPDX build profile and other adjacent elements.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-build-minutes
*  *Note*: The group has paused regular meetings until further notice.

### Canonicalisation group meetings
<!-- * Time and cadence: weekly on Fridays at 09:00 -->
<!-- * Where: <https://meet.jit.si/SPDXCanonicalMeeting> -->
* Descriptions: Regular meeting to develop the Canonical Serialisation for SPDX 3.0 and agree on recommendations to make to the Tech Team where appropriate.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-canonicalisation-minutes
* *Note*: the group has paused their regular meetings, waiting for final serialization(s) outcome.

### Security Profile group meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Wednesdays at 14:00
* Where: https://meet.jit.si/SPDXDefectsMeeting
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss representation of software vulnerability metadata in the SPDX specification including vulnerability identifiers, status, mitigations and remediations.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-defects-minutes

### Implementers group meetings
* Time and cadence: every week on Wednesday at 11:00
* Where: https://meet.jit.si/SPDXImplementersMeeting
* Description: Regular meeting for tool creators implementing the SPDX specification to meet and compare notes
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-implementers-minutes

### AI and Dataset Profiles group meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Wednesdays at 15:00
* Where: https://zoom.us/j/92452702075
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can better support and track artificial intelligence and machine learning use-cases.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-ai-minutes

### Functional Safety Profile group meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Fridays at 12:00
* Where: https://zoom.us/j/94445183726
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can better support and track functional safety plans.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-fusa-minutes

### Serialisation Focus Group meetings
* The serialization team is currently paused - we will anounce specific topic meetings as serialization issues are raised in the Tuesday tech calls
* Previous time and cadence: weekly on Thursdays at 11:00
* Where: https://meet.jit.si/SPDXSerialisationMeeting
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss the serialisation formats for SPDX, enumerating the use cases for serialisation and determining stakeholder preferences.

### Software as a Service Profile group meetings
* Time and cadence: We are currently working asynchronously until we have a pull request ready for review on the final use cases.
* Where: Once we restart the meetings, they will be at https://zoom.us/j/87627432628
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can better support and track SAAS use cases.

### Hardware Profile group meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Fridays at 9:00, every other week
* Where: https://zoom.us/j/99157617857
* Description: Regular meeting to discuss how the SPDX specification can extend to support firmware, FPGAs, Open Hardware Boards, SOCs, IP blocks, Cores in physical and virtual environments.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-hardware-minutes
  
### Operations group meetings
* Time and cadence: weekly on Fridays at 09:30
* Where: https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94606881295?password=3522f337-3890-4940-9d74-9aee22864967
* Descriptions: Regular meeting focused on the additional information that an organization may wish to associate with a package, for effective management of these artifacts within business operations.
* Meeting minutes and agendas: https://spdx.swinslow.net/p/spdx-operations-minutes

## Meeting Minutes Keeping

Please refer to [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines on keeping
and submitting meeting minutes.
